# Keyboard controls
menuLeft.key = Left
menuRight.key = Right
menuUp.key = Up
menuDown.key = Down
menuForward.key0 = Enter
menuForward.key1 = Space
menuBackward.key = Escape
seamstressLeft.key = Left
seamstressRight.key = Right
seamstressJump.key0 = Up
seamstressJump.key1 = Space
ribbonLeft.key = A
ribbonRight.key = D
ribbonFlip.key = W
cameraLeft.key = J
cameraRight.key = L
cameraUp.key = I
cameraDown.key = K
pause.key = Enter
screencap.key = OemTilde

# Gamepad Controls
menuLeft.leftjoystick = (-1, 0)
menuRight.leftjoystick = (1, 0)
menuUp.leftjoystick = (0, 1)
menuDown.leftjoystick = (0, -1)
menuForward.button0 = Start
menuForward.button1 = A
menuBackward.button0 = Back
menuBackward.button1 = B
seamstressLeft.leftjoystick = (-1, 0)
seamstressRight.leftjoystick = (1, 0)
seamstressJump.button = A
ribbonLeft.lefttrigger = true
ribbonRight.righttrigger = true
ribbonFlip.button0 = X
ribbonFlip.button1 = B
cameraLeft.rightjoystick = (-1, 0)
cameraRight.rightjoystick = (1, 0)
cameraUp.rightjoystick = (0, 1)
cameraDown.rightjoystick = (0, -1)
pause.button = Start